README.md, before:

# WeddingInvite

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.0.4.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add GitHub Actions workflow for automated deployment to GitHub Pages
- Created `.github/workflows/deploy.yml` for Angular app deployment.
- Updated `README.md` with deployment details and site URL.
- Added specific npm build scripts for easier production and GitHub Pages deployment.

README.md, after:

# WeddingInvite

A beautiful wedding invitation website built with Angular 20. Features personalized greetings, RSVP functionality with Google Sheets integration, and responsive design.

## Features

- 🎨 Elegant design with custom fonts and animations
- 👥 Personalized greetings based on guest data
- 📝 RSVP form with dietary preferences and comments
- 📊 Google Sheets integration for response storage
- 📱 Fully responsive design for all devices
- ⏰ Wedding countdown timer
- 🚀 Automated deployment to GitHub Pages

## Deployment

This project automatically deploys to GitHub Pages using GitHub Actions. Every push to the `main` branch triggers a new deployment.

**Live Site:** `https://[username].github.io/WeddingInvite/`

### Manual Deployment Setup

1. Enable GitHub Pages in your repository settings
2. Set source to "GitHub Actions"
3. Push to main branch to trigger deployment

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.0.4.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
